# README - intersectional DEI in tech
Instruction: edit this file such that in includes the following: 
* a link to an article or web site you find interesting related to software development/engineering.
    + [How Big Tech is Importing India's Caste Legacy to Silicon Valley](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2021-03-11/how-big-tech-is-importing-india-s-caste-legacy-to-silicon-valley)
* a paragraph or two about what you find interesting about that article:
    + My friend shared this article with me a while back that introduced me to an issue I'd never thought of before-- I recommend it to anyone passionate about Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI), and intersectionality in the tech industry. In the North American context, it's a good reminder not to lump minorities and overlook the privileges or prejudice within their communities-- I found the article thought-provoking and relevant, and of course very informative on Indian social issues.

## COMMENTS - Jaime Cayetano (jcthehaxer)

Wow, this was a rather intense read. As someone who does not come from a background related to the Indian caste system, I found it shocking that India's minorities are treated in such dehumanizing ways. It was also very disappointing to read about how Dalit students are treated by their peers at IIT and how their complaints about said treatment are usually thrown under the rug. One would think that once these Dalit students leave their home country to work overseas, they would no longer experience caste discrimination in a foreign country. However, as the Cisco Systems case demonstrates, caste discrimination can be found in foreign countries. I personally believe that the Cisco Systems case did not gain enough attention and was saddened by the claims and actions that Cisco took in response to the Dalit employee's filed suit. Indeed, more light must be shed on the problem of caste discrimination in the tech field as well as on other forms of discrimination in the field, such as sexism and racism.